Copyright 2023 The Khronos Group Inc. 

This Specification is protected by copyright laws and contains material
proprietary to Khronos. Except as described by these terms, it or any components
may not be reproduced, republished, distributed, transmitted, displayed,
broadcast or otherwise exploited in any manner without the express prior written
permission of Khronos.

Khronos grants a conditional copyright license to use and reproduce the
unmodified Specification for any purpose, without fee or royalty, EXCEPT no
licenses to any patent, trademark or other intellectual property rights are
granted under these terms.

Khronos makes no, and expressly disclaims any, representations or warranties,
express or implied, regarding this Specification, including, without limitation:
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of any
intellectual property, correctness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, and
reliability. Under no circumstances will Khronos, or any of its Promoters,
Contributors or Members, or their respective partners, officers, directors,
employees, agents or representatives be liable for any damages, whether direct,
indirect, special or consequential damages for lost revenues, lost profits, or
otherwise, arising from or in connection with these materials.

This document contains extensions which are not ratified by Khronos, and as such
is not a ratified Specification.

Khronos® and Vulkan® are registered trademarks, and ANARI™, glTF™, SPIR™,
SPIR-V™, and SYCL™ are trademarks of The Khronos Group Inc. OpenCL™ is a
trademark of Apple Inc. used under license by Khronos. OpenGL® is a registered
trademark of Hewlett Packard Enterprise used under license by Khronos. ASTC is a
trademark of ARM Holdings PLC. All other product names, trademarks, and/or
company names are used solely for identification and belong to their respective
owners.
